we use the big 5 axis milling machines
in the manufacturing process to some of
the larger items like the chassis we
also use them for producing the tool and
block patterns which are the basis for
the carbon fiber mold in which will make
the composite parts themselves are is
initially painted here in our paint shop
and in fact comes back every time the
car runs at a test or a Grand Prix a
stone chip there's a lot of damage at
200 miles an hour and it's really
important that the car looks at it's
very best because of course it's
representing our Red Bull brand along
with the brands of our partners
in our R&D rig test room we're able to
test individual systems from the car for
example our braking system but what
we're also able to do on our seven post
hydraulic rig is to test the entire
dynamics of the car we're able to put a
full-size car onto the rig with seven
hydraulic actuators there's one under
each wheel to under the engine and one
under the nose now one of the things
we're able to do is to put the car
through a whole range of frequencies to
see where different parts of the car
vibrates just like in a road car when
you get to a certain speed in your
dashboard starts to vibrate different
parts of our race car will do the same
thing but it's extremely violent so we
need to know where those points are also
and more interestingly we've recorded
telemetry which means that we can
simulate any of the circus that we race
on
now with all we use computer simulation
more and more these days for engineering
analysis there's still a requirement to
make physical tests we may put a nose
onto this rig and make a fatigue test
push it up and down in side to side
another test that we have to apply by
regulation is to apply hydraulic loads
to the chassis we squeeze it and we put
loads onto it in fact the load that we
put onto the role hoop which is the
piece behind the driver's head is
equivalent to put in a double-decker bus
full of people on to the top of the car
well this is the last stage in the
factory this is where all of those
aluminium and titanium and carbon fiber
parts come together for hydraulic and
electronics and aerodynamics and of
course the three main components be in
the shower see the engine in the gearbox
this is where they come together
the car is then transported to the Grand
Prix to compete and afterwards this is
where it comes back to be dismantled for
parts to be said in different directions
to be quality inspected for hairline
cracks and other flaws and in some cases
replaced by better parts to make the car
go even faster so let's Red Bull
technology in red bull racing that's how
we design and test and build our racing
cars are totally enjoyed showing you
around thanks for visiting